
Wanga, .. Gelman.  Forecasting Elections with Non-Representative Polls 

Explores use of non-representative sampling in opinion polls

there has been reduction in Random Digit Dialing response rates

Xbox sample is biased in gender and age
poll : at most once a day, answer "today who would you vote for" ?
adjust using MRP - multilevel regression and post-stratification

----------

Poststratification

method for correcting for known differences between sample and 
target populations (Little, 1993). 

The core idea is to partition the population into cells based
on combinations of various demographic and political at tributes, 

use the sample to estimate the response variable within each cell, 

and finally aggregate the cell-level estimates up to a 
population-level estimate by weighting each cell by its 
relative proportion in the population.

----------

Generate cells with all combinations of sex, age, race, state,
partyID, ideology and 2008 vote = 176256 cells

-----------

Bayesian heirarchical model

Cell level estimates = Average of samples within a cell 
this is is not reasonable as cells become sparse, 
because then sample averages become unstable.

Cell-level estimates = regularized regression (multilevel regression)

Fit two nested multilevel logistic regression in each cell
- vote for Romney and vote for Obama

"The benefit of using a multilevel model is that the estimates for 
relatively sparse cells can be improved through ‘‘borrowing strength’’ 
from demographically similar cells that have richer data"

------------

combine cell-level estimates using Poststratification

---------

"can we reasonably expect to estimate the views of older women 
based on a platform that caters largely to young men?"

"and at estimating two-way interactions"

poststratification weights are based on number of category in each cell

--------------

election day bias (in USA)
1. incumbent's polling numbers tend to be lower than actual outcome
2. early lead diminishes
3. voting preferences expressed early on are noisy
4. actual voting pool is different from hypothetical opinion pool

how to remove election day biases ?
how to convert voter intent to election day forecast

developed nested calibration model 
compare daily voter intent with actual in previous elections

------------

longshot bias ?



